RFC: Modern Mode (#5)
umijs/rfcs: accepted/0000-modern-mode.md

- Start Date: 2019-05-16
- RFC PR: (leave this empty)
- Umi Issue: (leave this empty)

# Summary

> Umi Offers a "Modern Mode" to help someone to  bundle a modern bundle targeting modern browsers that support ES modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Umi offers a "Modern Mode" to help developers to build modern bundles for modern browsers that support ES modules.
```
